Documentation for literal suffixes (#14121)
ethereum/solidity: docs/units-and-global-variables.rst

.. index:: literal;suffix
.. _denominations:

**************************************
Units and Globally Available Variables
**************************************

Solidity defines several *denominations*, which can be applied as suffixes to
:ref:`rational number literals<rational_literals>` to modify the value while still keeping it a literal.

.. note::
    Denominations should not be confused with :ref:`literal suffixes<literal_suffixes>`, which use
    the same syntax, but can be defined by the user and result in a
    :ref:`function call<function-calls-suffix-calls>`.

> .. index:: wei, finney, szabo, gwei, ether

Reviewer: Now I'm wondering why exactly ``finney`` and ``szabo`` denominations got removed 😅

Reviewer: however, I guess that we will just define those denominators in the standard library somewhere in the future, were we would exactly use literal suffixes, right?

Author: AFAIK the only reason was that they were rarely used in practice.

Ether Units
===========

> A literal number can take a suffix of ``wei``, ``gwei`` or ``ether`` to specify a subdenomination of
> Ether, where Ether numbers without a postfix are assumed to be Wei.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A literal number can take a suffix of ``wei``, ``gwei`` or ``ether`` to specify a sub-denomination of
Ether, where Ether numbers without a postfix are assumed to be Wei.
```

.. index:: ! denomination, literal;suffix
.. _denominations:

**************************************
Units and Globally Available Variables
**************************************

.. index:: ! wei, ! finney, ! szabo, ! gwei, ! ether, ! denomination;ether

Ether Units

> ===========

Author: If literal suffixes fit in `Types`, this does as well, even more so. I was tempted to just move it next to suffix docs, but then I guess I'd have to remove "units" from the name of this page. What do you think of restructuring it like this?

Or maybe I should put both literals and denominations somewhere else?
